last super bowl was played right here
Jason tell me was a classic classic gave
80,000 people on their feet seconds left
on the clock yep QB throws a Hail Mary
166 back on line 60 years ago Reza was
attacked we won the war but they
destroyed half the planet everyone's
been evacuated nothing human remains
yeah we're here for drone repair with a
mop-up crew
this is Jack Harper
I'm good to go to movies Chuck and we
can finally leave and try the others
don't take any chances
I've been watching you jack you're
curious what are you looking for in
those books do they bring back old
memories we have an unidentified in
private not asked you too many questions
they are human as its aldrin usual time
to tell Chuck how do you know my name
they're firing on survivors
they won't start to be fine if you're
looking for the truth
that's where you're fired
you need to not happened
why don't you tell like me who are you
Jacqueline is ordering you to stand down
I'm not gonna do that
this is the only way
you